you
my husband is um but he's required to
speak publicly I have mercy perhaps he
should change jobs and one of my husband
with a king
my husband has seen everyone insert them
into your mouth Halton in Nancy he
hasn't seen me I can't kill your husband
but I need total trust
what was your earliest memory I'm not
here to discuss personal matters why are
you here is it because I've got you well
stammer do you know any jokes timing
isn't my strong suit
your methods were unorthodox and
controversial up comes over and it's
actually quite good fun yes our fear
it's your peculiar I take that as a
compliment well with Germany will come
everyone need a king we can all stand
behind afraid of his own shadow
the nation believes that when I might
speak I speak for them but I can't speak
you could do it can even be governed by
fear be like Mad King George the
stammerer get up you can't sit there get
up why not
sure that it daddy st. Edward's chair
people have their names listen to me
listen to me why should I waste my time
listening to jazz I have a voice yes you
do
your greatest test is yet a gun oh I put
sauce on I don't know but who seems to
be saying it by the world
your first wartime speech broadcast to
the nation and the world this great time
of crust however this turns out I don't
have to think
xxx the bravest man I know I intend to
be a very good Queen to a very great
forget everything else and just said to
me
you